Update unique-config-entry rule (#2510)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/unique-config-entry.md

Any discovery flow must also ensure that a config entry is uniquely identifiable, as otherwise, it would discover devices already set up.

To prevent this, we need to ensure that the user can only set up a device or service once.
Trying to set up a device or service that is already set up should be prevented by the integration.

> This should be handled by the reconfiguration flow, in where we can be more consistent with what gets updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an update to the configuration is required, it should be handled by the reconfiguration flow instead, as it allows us to be more consistent with what gets updated.
```

> If an update to the configuration is required, it should be handled by the reconfiguration flow instead, as it allows us to be more consistent with what gets updated.

Reviewer 2: Should this discuss reauth as the only exception to this?

Author: Hmm, the goal is to disallow starting a config flow manually and then trying to setup the same device and automatically update things like the host and port. Not necessarily to only allow the reconfigure flow to update the config. (like, we still want to update the entry via code if needed, so I don't want to slam that door closed)

Reviewer 2: True, I don't intend to suggest that reauth should be updating configuration outside of authentication credentials.  I was thrown off by the phrase "update to the configuration"  which sounds broad, but i understand you're implicitly allowing an exception for authentication parts of the configuration.

Author: But you are a native English speaker, so if you have improvements to convey this better, please let me know 🙏🏻

> Trying to set up a device or service that is already set up should be prevented by the integration.
> If an update to the configuration is required, it should be handled by the reconfiguration flow instead, as it allows us to be more consistent with what gets updated.

Reviewer 2: Yes, though I also learned that means my english is sloppy and less precise :)

Given that caveat, this is how I understand it:
```suggestion
Updates to an existing device or service configuration are only allowed through the reconfiguration flow. Updates to authentication credentials are allowed in a reauthentication flow.  Otherwise, trying to set up a device or service that is already set up should be prevented by the integration.
```

> If an update to the configuration is required, it should be handled by the reconfiguration flow instead, as it allows us to be more consistent with what gets updated.

Reviewer 3: How about this as an alternative:

```suggestion
Configuration flows initiated manually by the user to set up a new entry should not modify or update existing configuration entries. For these purposes, we have our discovery, options, and reconfiguration flows available instead.
```

Author: So to set the terms straight, what do we use Configuration flows for? because all flows like discovery, options, reauth and reconfigure flow are in theory configuration flows right?

Because with that in mind, the reconfigure flow is also a configuration flow initiated by the user

Reviewer 3: Yes: Hence, with the intention to set up a new entry being mentioned there. This will also fit the bill for anything that comes down road regarding nuggets, that also cause new entries.
